version 2
preferences!
dbfilename



Version 0.47
    added second line for chart titles
    fixed problem with Y-scales
    There is now an application icon!
    4SafeAir logo
    Changed how Setupcharts works
    Added shortcut keys:
    Ctrl-S - Start Measurement
    Ctrl-E - End Measurement
    Ctrl-Q - End Measurement
    Ctrl-U - Check for update

Version 0.46
    Possibility to show averaged data instead of factual data.
    Takes a number of last measurements, adds last, creates and average and sets the latest as the new measurement for the graph.
    Therefore it should be smoother... but not actual data are then shown in graph. Yet only actual data are saved into database.

Version 0.45
    Fixed problem updating database with PTrakdata into DustTrak table

Version 0.44
    Fixed problem with first record in maintainance not deletable.
    Fixed so Excel export just adds time and not date for measurements.
    Added SETCONFIGURATION so AeroTrak is more reliable?!

Version 0.43
    Found & solved problem with 2015 Firmware version of AeroTrak (Delay >=10)
    Fixed but with incorrectly updating Y-axis values
    Fixed problem with redrawing of graph when max changes
    Updated default for AeroTrak Manual Settings

Version 0.42
    Changed AeroTrakdata read so it checks before setup
    Added retries to main loop so it detects if no AeroTrak data is coming and then stops with infodialog
    added getdata,err to AeroTrak getdata to detect if error was received instead of data    

Version 0.41
    Added "beforeread" and "afterread" to Special AeroTrak settings
    Shrunk text for graphs slightly from textsizedivider=30 to textsizedivider=40
    Added SHOWDATA and SHOWCMD to show/hide info in textwindow for debugging purposes
    
Version 0.40
    Special AeroTrak settings and command based setup for AeroTrak
    
Version 0.39
    Just a minior testversion, where VAS uses recipe "VAS" when configuring AeroTrak
    
Version 0.38
    After Teams conference, changed:
    improved AeroTrak handling
    implemented dynamic Y-axis
    Renamed PIA to VAS... (Visible Air System)
    Fixed small error regarding path & starting up

Version 0.37
    Changed minutes, seconds to hours, minutes.
    (forgot to change cersion number in piamain.go though.)

Version 0.36
    Added Count units:
    delta/m3 =  21201 * #
    delta/ft3 = 600 * #
    Changed the settings layout. Not sure it got better...

Version 0.35
    Added Set Path to Settings
    Added possibility to change storage location (database, logfil, exported files, etc)
Version 0.34
    Added a timedelay, so menu is closed when doing screenshot!
    Changed so AeroTrak sampling is more reliable
    Removed so AeroTrak is not disabled during sampling, so sampling can be paused on instrument, checked etc.
    Fixed a couple of minor bugs related to error handling with AeroTrak
    Tried to explain pruning better.
    Changed pruning info in settings
    Removed Edit-menu
    
Version 0.33
    Fixed bug with AeroTrak sampling
    Fixed bug with charts updating

Version 0.32
    Added manual settings of instruments
    Fixed problem with incorrect startsize of charts

Version 0.31
    Corrected StrokeColor so it is compatible with fyne 2.1
    Corrected MyTSIscanner so IP-adress is seached correctly?!
    Fixed size of just one instrument charts
    Some improvement regarding handling of time at X-axis
    Fixed maintainance dialog problem with fyne 2.1
    Fixed browser header when checking for string in piaupdate.go

Version 0.30
    Some corrections to FTP
    Some corrections to charts display
    Some corrections to Remove redundant

Version 0.29
    Added pruning - removal of redundant measurements
    In settings it is possible to choose save of data ever 5, 10 or 60 seconds.
    In Measurements maintainance it is possible to du pruning with the magnifier icon
    New menus include Export of current measurement as textfile and Removal of redundant
    When starting, it shows "Autostart active" if active
    Added first version of copyright notice...
    
Version 0.28
    added FTP upload & FTP-settings
    improved finding instruments on computer with multiple-ip adresses
    changed main loop so Gorutinenumber is low and under control?!
    
Version 0.27
    changed back SQL-engine
    changed so all exports go to user directory
    run testruns > 1h with instruments
    update main routine
    
Version 0.26
    changed SQL-engine
    changed so all exports go to user directory
    run testruns > 1h with instruments
    
Version 0.25
    added screenshot!
    added correct Y-axis scales
    
Version 0.24
    added feature to save selected windows size!
    fixed irritating bug related to missing preferences file.
    found and corrected bug related to autostart measuring
    changed standard renaming to more compact format
    added PLAY in measurements maintainance
    removed measurements details - counting takes too long when jumping
    change excel-export-filenaming

Version 0.23 (2021-05-16 10:10)
    Serious bug with time handling corrected
    Time correctly exported to excel

Version 0.22
    possible to export one measurement from handle-measurement-window to Excel!
    now possible to change settings & handle measurements while running = good idea?!

Version 0.21
    handle measurements kindof implemented
    now possible to rename measurements (mname), add/edit note, chech out number of datapoints
    BUGFIXES:
        Corrected MyDebug checkbox
        Added so when g.window closes app quits
        Changed so Measurements & Settings close correctly

Version 0.20
New menu item: Help->Check for update
Created webspace (prifre.com/vas) with some documentation
Removed Help->Various information menu
New menu item: Help->Open the VISIBLE AIR SYSTEM webpage!

Version 0.19
First release to Anders...
- measuring with AeroTrak, DustTrak, PTrak
- Simulated measuring with instruments
- saving of measurements to database
- exporting of database to textfiles
- updating of linecharts in realtime
- some settings:
-- datapoints to show per graph
-- colors for line graph
-- Simulated, autostart, synchronized